NEW: IsPressed, WasPressedThisFrame, WasReleasedThisFrame (#1209)
Unity-Technologies/InputSystem: Packages/com.unity.inputsystem/CHANGELOG.md

  * This means that a button-type action will now perform (and perform __once__ only) when a control crosses the button press threshold defined in the global settings or, if present, locally on a `ButtonControl`. It will then stay performed and finally cancel only when the control falls back to or below the release threshold.
- `InputAction.ReadValue<T>()` now always returns `default<T>` when the action is canceled.
  * This is to make it consistent with `InputAction.CallbackContext.ReadValue<T>()` which already returned `default<T>` when the action was canceled.
  * In general, all APIs that read values will return default values when an action is in a phase other than `Started` or `Performed`.

### Fixed

#### Actions

- Fixed `InputActionTrace.ActionEventPtr.ReadValueAsObject` leading to `InvalidCastException` when trying to read values that came from composite bindings.
- Fixed not being able to stack a `MultiTap` on top of a `Tap` ([case 1261462](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/multi-tap-and-tap-interactions-in-the-same-action-doesnt-work-properly)).

> - Fixed rebinds triggered by the enter key causing stuck enter key states ([case 1271591](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/input-system-rebind-action-requires-two-inputs-slash-presses-when-using-the-enter-key)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed rebinds triggered by the Enter key causing stuck Enter key states ([case 1271591](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/input-system-rebind-action-requires-two-inputs-slash-presses-when-using-the-enter-key)).
```

Author: Pushed

### Added

#### Actions

- Added "release thresholds" for buttons.
  * Release points are now separated from press points by a percentage threshold.
  * The threshold is defined by `InputSettings.buttonReleaseThreshold`.
  * Thresholds are defined as percentages of press points. A release is thus defined as a button, after having reached a value of at least `InputSettings.defaultButtonPressPoint` (or whatever local press is used), falling back to a value equal to or less than `InputSettings.buttonReleaseThreshold` percent of the press point.
  * This is intended to solve the problem of buttons flickering around button press points.

>   * The default threshold is set at 75%, i.e. buttons release at 3/4 of the press point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The default threshold is set at 75%, that is, buttons release at 3/4 of the press point.
```

Author: Pushed

- Added new methods to the `InputAction` class:

>   * `InputAction.IsPressed()`: Whether a bound control has crossed the press threshold and has not yet fallback back below the release threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `InputAction.IsPressed()`: Whether a bound control has crossed the press threshold and has not yet fallen back below the release threshold.
```

Author: Pushed

  * `InputAction.WasPressedThisFrame()`: Whether a bound control has crossed the press threshold this frame.

>   * `InputAction.WasReleasedThisFrame()`: Whether a bound control has fallback back below the release threshold this frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `InputAction.WasReleasedThisFrame()`: Whether a bound control has fallen back below the release threshold this frame.
```

Author: Pushed

>   * `InputAction.WasPerformedThisFrame()`: Whether the action was performed at any point during the current frame. Equivalent to `InputAction.triggered` which will be deprecated in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `InputAction.WasPerformedThisFrame()`: Whether the action was performed at any point during the current frame. Equivalent to `InputAction.triggered`, which will be deprecated in the future.
```

Author: Pushed
